davi pakter: Hi, Robert, how are you
Robert Maldonado: All right, how about you today.
davi pakter: Okay, pretty good.
Robert Maldonado: All right. Sure.
davi pakter: So,
davi pakter: Let's see, um, welcome to bright heart is this. This is your, your first appointment. Correct.
Robert Maldonado: Yes, sir.
davi pakter: Okay. So what brings you to brain, heart.
Robert Maldonado: I'm a well now I'm a recovering heroin addict. I've been on heroin for 12
Robert Maldonado: Years or more so on and off, not on not not off so much but on more than off.
Robert Maldonado: Okay. And I've been home. I've been struggling. I've never went to a rehab. I've never tried to rehab. I've been to jail and first pretty much to quit that way and I stayed off it as soon as I got out.
Robert Maldonado: I got back on it. I've only been pretty much off from the 10 years of heroin use I've only been off for about a year and a half at all at once. From doing jail time. And that's as much as I've had. I still feel being sober.
Robert Maldonado: I still feel missing something. Now, I don't know what it is or what it was. I'm missing something though. Like, and as I'm getting high. Now, I'm not even getting high to get high.
Robert Maldonado: I was getting high just to feel normal. Like, because it's all I've known for so long and I just didn't ever feel normal. So
Robert Maldonado: I took Suboxone I've tried this a boxing. I never tried methadone or nothing else of their, their site, the ones that are
Robert Maldonado: To try to like when you off heroin and when do you offer that I'm going to try Suboxone. It's amazing. I'm not gonna lie, it does what it's supposed to do. It does what it says it's going to do.
Robert Maldonado: I didn't, I didn't think about heroin at all. I didn't want to do hair when I just wanted to continue working through my day go to sleep at night, wake up. Repeat. And that was the best thing I've ever felt in the longest time I can't even remember the last time I felt that way.
davi pakter: Okay, great. So how long have you been on Suboxone
Robert Maldonado: I was the beginning of was it
Robert Maldonado: The beginning of January, I believe I got Suboxone at our hospital. Hospital St. Mary's
davi pakter: Okay, great.
Robert Maldonado: And I've been on everything.
davi pakter: All right, and how much you taking
Robert Maldonado: But I've been meaning to go there.
Robert Maldonado: She for the doctor prescribed me three or four pills a day eight milligram pills a day. I think those three
Robert Maldonado: Okay I yeah it was. Yeah.
davi pakter: Precisely taken through it, how are you
davi pakter: Taking those three all at once, or
Robert Maldonado: No no no no throughout the day. Yeah. Hold on. It says to dissolve one tablet once daily, but she gave me 21 for a week period. So how many would that be a day if I was
davi pakter: Three. A day. Okay.
Robert Maldonado: So, okay, yeah, that
Robert Maldonado: Was
davi pakter: Well, how are you taking it. Are you are you, do you have a schedule or you just kind of take it when you think you need it. How does it go
Robert Maldonado: No, I take I wake up and I take one right away.
Robert Maldonado: And then
davi pakter: Around. What time is that I
Will
Robert Maldonado: When I was eight ish nine ish o'clock in the morning.
Okay.
Robert Maldonado: And then I start my day I wake up, but could take out my trash, if I have to.
Robert Maldonado: Walk around my property smoke my cigarette and then
Robert Maldonado: Alright, we're back. And then I eat lunch and I take another one and then kind of like an hour or two before I go to bed, which is around like 10 3011 I take my other one and I just lay there and then eventually I'll fall asleep.
davi pakter: Okay, so I missed when you take the second one around what time
Robert Maldonado: around lunchtime, when I eat lunch.
davi pakter: One to
davi pakter: 1231 okay
davi pakter: All right, great. So you take it around eight or nine in the morning 1230 and then around 11pm
Robert Maldonado: Yes.
davi pakter: And with that dosage. Are you feeling any cravings for other opioids.
Robert Maldonado: No, not at all.
davi pakter: Okay, great. And you're feeling no withdrawal symptoms.
Robert Maldonado: No, not actually I do still feel like a stomach cramping ish but that's only because I'm probably constipated or back up. I don't know.
davi pakter: Okay, well I best thing to do for that is get yourself some magnesium
Robert Maldonado: Okay. Yeah, I was gonna ask you guys, either give you could prescribe me some
davi pakter: Don't know stretching prescribe some stool.
davi pakter: softener is but the magnesium
Robert Maldonado: Yeah, okay.
davi pakter: Okay.
davi pakter: All right, perfect over the counter.
Robert Maldonado: Alright, so let's see. Right.
davi pakter: So you so that's kind of you said just to recap, you have been using heroin for about 10 years had some maybe a year total break during that time.
davi pakter: And Kevin one back and then you started Suboxone in January of 2020 and then after that you doing much better, you're able to just do your work and not focus on
davi pakter: On getting heroin and you're taking about you're taking three a day of the eight milligram tablets.
davi pakter: And that's around eight than noon ish then 11pm
davi pakter: And you don't have any cravings or withdraw with that.
Robert Maldonado: No. Okay, there was one thing
Robert Maldonado: Yeah, but one thing I'm the pills. They're kinda like they destroy my mouth.
Robert Maldonado: Is there any way to, like, I heard about the strips. Would those be any better or any worse on my mouth.
davi pakter: Try and we can certainly try and see if it helps you
Robert Maldonado: Yeah, because I can't even really eat after like like that pill is like, and by I can take three a day. It's literally like at each my mouth off.
davi pakter: Okay, well I'll change you over to the film's
Robert Maldonado: Okay, now if that'd be
davi pakter: A bit more information, though, Robert. So do you have any other medical problems.
Robert Maldonado: No, I'm otherwise.
davi pakter: No, diabetes, no blood pressure, no hepatitis.
Robert Maldonado: Nothing, nothing. I've been
davi pakter: Have you
davi pakter: Are you taking any other medications.
Robert Maldonado: Nope. I'll take something or to a baby a Tylenol or something for a headache. If I get a headache or anything, but other than that, no.
davi pakter: Do you use any other substances other than tobacco any weed any coke.
Robert Maldonado: Yes, I do. Smoke. Smoke weed. Occasionally, but not ever all the time. It's not an everyday thing.
davi pakter: Okay, like how many times a week, three times.
Robert Maldonado: No. Not even maybe once, maybe once a month, actually. It's very good, very good. Yeah. Okay.
Yeah.
davi pakter: And. All right. Do you have any mental health issues a depression. Any, anything other than the addiction than the heroin.
Robert Maldonado: Um, I would say, maybe a little depression and anxiety here and there, but not too much.
davi pakter: You never been on meds for it.
Robert Maldonado: No.
davi pakter: You never been hospitalized in a psychiatric hospital.
Never. Okay.
davi pakter: All right, good. So let's talk a little bit about your lifestyle. First of all, who are you living with these days.
Robert Maldonado: My mother. Okay.
Robert Maldonado: He's my father, my father was, but he passed away. He got hit by a car and just me. My mom.
Robert Maldonado: Oh my god, was that recent yeah when you
Robert Maldonado: Have it
Robert Maldonado: December, just a couple months ago. Yeah. Oh my God, I wish, I wish. She was here to see me getting sober, because that's all he asked me for man was to get off heroin.
davi pakter: Well, yeah, he's he's looking at you from the spirit world, for sure.
Robert Maldonado: Yes for sure he is and
davi pakter: You're probably stronger connected to them now.
Robert Maldonado: than I ever have been yeah
davi pakter: All right, well, so you live with your mom you Jeff, are you working right now look at what are you up to
Robert Maldonado: I have I have him for my brother. He has a painting company I helped him occasionally when he has extra work for me to come and help and be involved with, but
Robert Maldonado: Okay. Other than that, I'm just taking care of my mom.
Robert Maldonado: Helping her get through days.
davi pakter: How old's your month
Robert Maldonado: 67 or 65
Robert Maldonado: Okay, she five
davi pakter: Because he's not to
Robert Maldonado: Not to but she just has their needs and she wanted me to help her. Yeah.
davi pakter: Alright, so you do some painting you help out your mom. Do you do any exercise.
Robert Maldonado: Oh yeah, actually, I just got a dirt bike. My friend just got started. So I'll be riding a dirt bike here.
Robert Maldonado: There's prayer motorcycle. Yes, that's
davi pakter: The exercise.
Robert Maldonado: Now it is it but i do i I ride a bike, I don't have a car I ride a bicycle.
davi pakter: Okay. Exercise is a very important part of your recovery.
Robert Maldonado: Yes, I didn't know it.
davi pakter: Was natural endorphins.
davi pakter: Those feel good hormones in your brain.
Robert Maldonado: It's not until you because when I'm getting sober and I'm getting out of the, the, like, the failure, though.
Robert Maldonado: I don't even know how to say it, but I saw the ad just all the things of doing of getting heroin. It really constricts your life to really nothing you actually just sit there and wait every day and I'm tired of it. So yeah.
davi pakter: Okay.
davi pakter: I actually was
Robert Maldonado: Biking rock. Yeah, good.
Robert Maldonado: And I ride my bike it out and five miles in and out of town. So each way. It's 10 Miles 10 Miles pretty much just to get to town.
Robert Maldonado: From where I live, where do you live, at the end of Apple Valley, California. The high desert.
Robert Maldonado: It's all the way to Vegas.
davi pakter: Okay, what's the nearest town.
Robert Maldonado: Hey Victorville, you know, Victor
Robert Maldonado: Okay Victorville yeah I
davi pakter: Know that area. Okay.
davi pakter: Yeah. Right on. So,
davi pakter: Alright, so we talked about exercise. Everything is your diet.
Robert Maldonado: Yeah, what do I gotta check I changed my eating habits. Well, yeah, me.
davi pakter: What do you mean
Robert Maldonado: I eat everything good steak cereal bananas, apples, oranges,
Robert Maldonado: Whenever I have the money for my food stamps for is what I'm a
Robert Maldonado: Able to eat.
Robert Maldonado: So I do eat a quite a bit of stuff. So I'm not the type to starve myself ever not no more, but
Robert Maldonado: All right. Yes. And what
Robert Maldonado: Is just
davi pakter: Try it. I didn't hear any vegetables in the next there. So try to incorporate a few more vegetables in your diet will start with that.
Robert Maldonado: Ah, I do I eat, I eat. Actually I eat corn vegetable. No, no, it's not a vegetable well so fruit meaning with
Robert Maldonado: Yeah.
davi pakter: I don't think green something green
Robert Maldonado: I Sally are just eating salad last night.
davi pakter: Alright, see that is so a little bit
Robert Maldonado: More that
davi pakter: Tried to incorporate more vegetables that will also help
Robert Maldonado: The patient yes I that's what my mom told me the roughage
davi pakter: Yeah. The other thing is also drinking a lot of water.
davi pakter: Yes, important to
Robert Maldonado: Dash. One thing I shafted work on. Yeah, because you're
davi pakter: That'll help with constipation and also keeping you hydrated HELPING YOU FLEXING flesh out any toxins that have built up get
Robert Maldonado: Everything through. Yes. Yeah. So I just my water machine broke. Actually, that's why I had a water dispenser machine.
Robert Maldonado: And our that broke and now I have to go fix
Robert Maldonado: Yeah, I gotta fix it for step one.
davi pakter: Okay. Robert, so
davi pakter: So we talked about the lifestyle. The diet. The exercise the water
davi pakter: And now.
davi pakter: Anything else I should know about you to take the best care of you possible or what do I need to know
Robert Maldonado: Let me see.
Robert Maldonado: No, actually I have a good family. I got people that care still about me and want me to do better and great, I'm just
Robert Maldonado: Know, now I'm good. I got something I don't have to worry about getting a high every day and I'm pretty much set now everything is just going to continue on being positive and move forward and I'm going to be great, man. Yeah, I'm already know.
Robert Maldonado: I already feel it.
davi pakter: In support of that. And I want to make sure you know you're pretty new in your recovery. So
Robert Maldonado: Yes, yes.
davi pakter: The support that you need. Are you doing any meetings or anything like that.
Robert Maldonado: No, actually I just don't feel the type of person to go and talk about my pastor I I'm just not
Robert Maldonado: Wanting to go around more drug addicts and more people because I would possibly enable me to go meet somebody. I don't really want to meet because they could be doing drugs to and going to these meetings and they would. Oh shit.
davi pakter: Out in the rooms. It's all
davi pakter: In the robot.
Robert Maldonado: And the rooms.
davi pakter: Down hold that all you write that down in the rooms that is a way that you can go to meeting, similar to like this online and
davi pakter: Don't have to worry about getting involved with someone, but you can still get some support because like, yeah.
Robert Maldonado: There's like talking
davi pakter: Yeah, there's people that have been doing this for a long time and they might have some pointers for you or just some information that might be supportive and it just, it shows that you're taking your recovery seriously.
Robert Maldonado: Because yeah, okay.
Robert Maldonado: Do it alone. Nope, I can at all. And I won't. I wouldn't be able to
Robert Maldonado: Right, so
Robert Maldonado: So, so in rooms.
Robert Maldonado: In the room in the rooms. Okay, and the
davi pakter: Rooms. Yeah. The other thing to tell you is that the rest of our program is mostly in groups.
davi pakter: Okay, so
davi pakter: We'll be meeting, from now on, on Tuesday evening at 715
Robert Maldonado: Great meeting or them meetings.
Robert Maldonado: At seven 730
davi pakter: Yeah, you gotta check in at seven or 645 if possible. So
davi pakter: Late because they always have some paperwork for you to fill out. Make sure your labs are up today.
davi pakter: And then we start the group properly at 715
Robert Maldonado: To try to share
davi pakter: Yeah.
Robert Maldonado: 645 to seven be there. Yeah.
davi pakter: And
davi pakter: The group is from
davi pakter: Tuesday nights. I will. How many more. You said she just gave you a week's worth
Robert Maldonado: No, this was the first week I started. Now I'm just going back and they can only give me my dose every day. That's it.
Robert Maldonado: Every day.
Robert Maldonado: All right, yeah. I've been traveling to the hospital every day to go like those. That's awesome.
davi pakter: Alright, so what I
Robert Maldonado: Do is
davi pakter: I need to. I need a pharmacy for you.
Robert Maldonado: Um, it's right here on the bottle a, a family pharmacy APPLE VALLEY.
Robert Maldonado: Neither phone number.
davi pakter: No, hold on a second, let me
Robert Maldonado: Find it in my system.
davi pakter: Oh, actually, I got it's on a soda.
davi pakter: Yes, sir. Okay, perfect. We already have that. Alright, so I'm going to prescribe enough. Let's see today's Friday.
davi pakter: I'm going to prescribe enough to get you to group because I really want you to show up in group on Tuesday to show are taking this serious
Robert Maldonado: Yes. Can you
davi pakter: Then I will can extend it and give you a little bit, you no longer a
Robert Maldonado: Prescription right yeah I'm not gonna bullshit. No more man I'm over that life.
davi pakter: Okay. Right on. Well, that's the other thing is like I do you have any kind of spiritual practice that you're working through
Robert Maldonado: I talked to God. It I time in the morning when I wake up.
Robert Maldonado: I really don't go to church or nothing but
davi pakter: Yeah, I mean, it doesn't matter how you do it just, it's important to have that
davi pakter: It can be helpful to have that connection with
davi pakter: An hour, you know,
Robert Maldonado: Yes, sir. It is
Robert Maldonado: And now I know
Robert Maldonado: I've connected a little bit more with my father's passing. I know I'm definitely connected talking to somebody
davi pakter: Right on. OK. So today is Friday, Saturday, Sunday, Monday, Tuesday, that's going to be
davi pakter: Five days are prescribed six days worth that way you have an extra just in case. But I want to see you next week at
davi pakter: Seven or
Robert Maldonado: 640-556-4057 o'clock meeting time
davi pakter: Yeah, and then we'll get you situated in the group. And then I can extend the prescription and we'll just kind of go from there.
Robert Maldonado: Alright, add zoom right I go on to
davi pakter: Part of the program is you're gonna get
davi pakter: A meeting with a therapist, like a counselor.
Robert Maldonado: All right, well, I'm down with that.
Robert Maldonado: Okay.
davi pakter: Okay.
davi pakter: So let me make sure this goes through for you.
Robert Maldonado: my dirt bike sounds nice man, my friend just cut it running. Yes. Okay.
Robert Maldonado: Yes.
Robert Maldonado: Yeah, I'll be careful. Okay.
All right.
One second here.
davi pakter: Okay, it looks like it went through. So it should be waiting for you at the pharmacy and an hour or so and then
davi pakter: I will see you on Tuesday. And
davi pakter: Get in the rooms. Keep up the good work with your diet and your exercise your stress management your water consumption, get that water dispensary fix
Robert Maldonado: Yes, yes.
davi pakter: Tuesday. I'm Dr. Parker is good to meet you, Robert.
Robert Maldonado: Congratulations. Yeah. Thank you, sir.
Robert Maldonado: Okay. You're welcome. You are very much appreciated.
davi pakter: Absolutely. I'll see you Tuesday.
Robert Maldonado: I see a change a man, right, he said. Bye. Bye. Okay, bye.